feat(setup/options/wireguard): amneziawg options (#179)
qdm12/gluetun-wiki: setup/options/wireguard.md

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `WIREGUARD_PRESHARED_KEY` | | Base64 pre-shared key | Wireguard pre-shared key |
| `WIREGUARD_ALLOWED_IPS` | `0.0.0.0/0,::/0` | CSV of IP address ranges | Wireguard peer allowed ips |
| `WIREGUARD_IMPLEMENTATION` | `auto` | `auto`, `kernelspace`, `userspace` or `amneziawg` | Wireguard implementation to use |
| `WIREGUARD_MTU` | `1400` | Any positive value up to `65535` | Wireguard MTU |
| `WIREGUARD_PERSISTENT_KEEPALIVE_INTERVAL` | | Any duration, for example `25s` | Wireguard persistent keepalive interval |

## Amnezia WG

> Additionaly you can setup AmneziaWG parameters (works only when `WIREGUARD_IMPLEMENTATION` is set to `amneziawg` and `VPN_SERVICE_PROVIDER` is set to `custom`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionaly you can use AmneziaWG by setting `WIREGUARD_IMPLEMENTATION=amneziawg` and **only** if `VPN_SERVICE_PROVIDER=custom` at this time. The following options are available:
```
